Dream Archive

Places to check: meemee dms, spiral dms, gabe dms, lune dms, spiralcord


I was in a pen and I rode a bull in china (late preteen to teen)

I stood on a hill fully naked overlooking people marching with torches somewhere (preteen)

I had a dream a while ago when our neighborhood got invaded by the ww2 japanese and i got captured (mid 2023)

i had a dream today where i got banned on twitch for saying "negro" (8.23)

I saw orb in a twitch chat (late to mid 2023?)

@jeff i just had the wildest dream where you voice acted some weird mix of rise of the skywalker, the skyrim ending, but then at the end there was a lot of beans that everyone (including donkey from shrek) ate, and they all including you said BEANS. After it was over you said how long you needed to wait until the next time you participate in cinematography and your future projects. then there was the next movie where a dude parked his van into a river of lava, exited it and turned on a cloaking device.(3.24)

Dude i woke up with a dream where an elderly teacher was twitch streaming while teaching and there was a follow that just said NIGGER all caps, and the teacher banned them. I giggled with everyone. Then i drank from my bottle which had the same thing written on it and i got banned aswell. I wanted to tell him "trigger-happy today are we" but he said that the pc i was on was already more or less out of order (4.24)

Holy shit i just woke up from a dream where i was a gangster in an area with high police and crime activity and for some reason phones had superpowers in that universe so i went to a phone store with my grandpa. He recommended me a standard nokia looking phone, i didn't see what was the big deal, but then he showed me a button which i pressed and the shopkeeper got obliterated. As i was going home (there was a cop with a minigun btw), a woman started a fight with me like in a step by step game, so I used the second available thing in my new phone and it turned parts of her face into different ingredients for salad and she was completely knocked down. I asked my grandpa what was the safest thing to do, he said something incoherent that i interpreted as eat her face now. So i made some salad from what used to be parts of her face and started eating it. Then she started talking with her face half eaten and i was horrified and i woke up (6.24)

Dude, i had a dream just now where I was playing a game (mmo ish presumably) and i picked an evil ending that shrouded most of the game world in a very dark blue or very dark purple fog and fucked a ton of people over. There were people researching it and how to get rid of it, and i was going around pc's of people searching their discords for the mention of the keyword "bird". Also "an ders" which is the name of one of my friends was there (8.2024)

#Spiral ogre rat sempou dream, probably on his server or dms (2021)

The dream which gave rise to the starbloods series, i think it involved a tv show about kids in a military base fighting nazis (late 2024 or early 2025?)

I was in school and was abandoned by a bunch of kids and left to drown in a puddle (2024 to 2025,might be missing details) 

@jeff i am pretty sure i just saw you create the whitest person imaginable for a prank in a dream, and you also might have made someone wear a whiteface (05.2025)

"Guys i saw myself fuck a giant horse plushie today in a dream" (05.2025)

I was the MC of Starbloods and a friend of Kate (other MC) and was trying to figure out whenever she was my real life sexual abuser pretending to be a completely different person (late 2025)

I was driving a car in a dream without any training really short distances. Controls were overwhelming and i was a bit worried about crashing. 

Had a nightmare about my ex psychologically, unintentionally tormenting me in my sleep (the same situation which is the primary source of my cptsd). I don't remember it much but i am guessing it was something like a flashback. (1.2026)

Worst nightmare. 1) Trapped in a middle or high school full of the worst people ever where everyone wanted to grift you and make you suffer. 0) I also think in early stages before this escalated into a nightmare i was watching something on tv with random fellow students and there was minor drama. 1) There was a lot but for example a girl who was approached (by one of the local guys) with the thought "you're so cute, wouldn't it be cool if you were a nazi" and she did end up one, and so he dared her to do something which culminated in us walking together near the school and me hugging her. I also accidentally went into some teachers room, and when they found me, they told me to clean a chemical spill, and i eventually went to do it but midway through decided "nah". I didn't even do much in terms of my justice absolutism, and when my dad claimed i partially got this to myself, i said i didn't. 2) I tried to hide out from it with others in the neighborhood, but guys from the school kept coming and fighting us. 3 and 5) When i finally took a car home, i was driven by one of the guys from the school and he kept trying to be a piece of shit to me and i was in a lot of danger. 4) My dad also has gone insane in this world while I was gone after he went to mexico for job reasons, after which i presume the road home was very hard, and on the way home I had to swim up the klyazma river and i found the biggest encampment i have ever seen and i saw someone heat up a rock and give it to me as an instrument. 5) Also i was super afraid the kids from the school knew where i lived and one even came to my place and though idk if he shoplifted anything, it was very scary and realistic. 6) It ended with my dad hitting the kid who drove me home as he was walking with his dad like a ragdoll, and I think he was planning to send him a huge check to pay, presumably for some form of damage to myself, all after a taxi drove me and the kid north of where i actually lived around 15 minutes away. In 6) i felt freshly traumatized though when i woke up the feeling was gone (2026)

I remembered that i saw my bestie (caramel) write me a message block of like 15 where i forgot to read the first like 3 messages instantly and where they were verbally expressing despair at the fact with lowercase letters and dot-dot-dots. It was a real insecurity i had when talking to him due to scarcity of communication. I also dreamt up one of my friends (Ammi) who i haven't talked to for a while asking why don't i write her (3.2026)

Dream: luxiy (random fucking gal from twitch) was expressing sexual attraction to meemee (the cunt who gave me abandonment issues). I said she is satan herself. She said shell talk to her about it
Dream: don't remember the full but me and caramel were classmates in uni, i saw him standing completely naking in front of everyone from behind (and other circumstances of a similar image all sharing that it was from behind), and my face was deepfaked into sexual photos with us together by our other classmates. Though, i don't think we were having sex on these images, i was just shown topless. (same night, 2026)

Dream: i was in my home and it was enpty. when i opened the door to my house, a lot of cats suddenly followed with me and i had to get thwm out. Also a part of the wall to my house broke off, the walls of our garden fell down, and there was a blizzard outside.
Dream: i just came back from a trip which i hated and my mom put me in a hospital for another WEEK (which was also connected to some jail cells, court rooms and had cops here and there; also by put me there i don't mean physically harm me) and i was livid at her. When i was at the bottom floor, some very small kids were discussing how you get 16 gigs of internet for free before you have to pay to get 99gigs for 3 minutes. One of the kids stood in front of me to the point where i could feel their breath, and so i pushed them away with a poke to the chest. I woke up when i saw a kid chewing on my right arm (it was surprisingly pleasant somehow and so i didn't pull away). A friend-ish i haven't talked to in years also asked me how i was doing. (2026, these were the same night)

Dream: i was snowboarding ish with my dad. I think it was a mirror of end stages of our camping vacations. When i woke up in my bed after observing someone, possibly my dad, having a mild accident, i was surprised to find my beard and hair overgrown, part of my hair white, and somewhere on the top part of my face there was something with a form of a cut but which looked like yellow lesion. I asked how long was i out, but to my surprise, i was only out for a day.
Same dream: my keyboard had some white mineral garbage stuck to it, and i saw a rick and morty episode which was 30 minutes long but had director commentary at the end of it

Dream: was cognitively slowed in uni or school. I was trying to do something work related on school computers but was too fucked to even type.
I was also trying to tell my math teacher in the same dream about my bicomplex math project but couldn't find the words.
I also saw caramel streaming by the morning (april 26)

Dream: i saw shayy having a pfp where he was just a fully naked blonde penetrating several similarly fully naked trans and cis women. It was a slideshow.
Same dream: i went to uni at 10, dozed off during a physics class, then when i woke up i realized i napped slept 12 hours in there (even though it was still day?). 
I have no idea how but i left it with a giant pot full of cooked rice. There was also a guy getting rapidly infested with some kind of insects through his skin and so i applied some rick and morty ass technology to make autonomously growing red crystals kill all the insects for him. 
i remember in previous dreams there was a very specific route i could take home which was a hybrid of my middle school and high school, there was a busy highway with no crosswalk and there were cops who were normally pretty clueless, and normally i just went through there by going into the underground passage (which needed a ticket to get in but i had some sort of a trick to wait until a lot of indians were skipping these things all at the same time and just went with the crowd so the cops couldn't do anything). This time however the cops were way more observant and i couldn't just take the underground passage again, and so i had to take a crosswalk which had just appeared that iteration of the same place. However, the cops didn't let me pass through for some reason and that's around where that dream ended. I think it was something about me holding a giant pot of rice which was the problem, so we tried different ways to make it so i don't have to carry it in my hands, but we couldn't find any way due to the pot being full of rice. 
Same dream: I was also briefly in a lucid dream inside that dream where i could actually walk around and have consciousness (inside uni still), and i did realize i could touch people's erogenous organs to see how they felt since everyone else was only a figment of my imagination. And when i groped someone's titty through their clothes, it ended up feeling weirdly dried up.
Same dream: a new person with a pink pfp has joined naggsy's server (april 26)